Fix #9780 dashboard widgets layout (#9841)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/mapstore-migration-guide.md

## Migration from 2023.02.xx to 2024.01.00

### Restructuring of Login and Home in Dashboard page

We recently added the sidebar to the dashboard page and by doing so we wanted to keep a uniform position of login and home plugins, by putting them in the omnibar container rather than the sidebar one. The viewer is a specific case that will be reviewed in the future.

> In order to align the configuration of the two mentioned plugin you have t

Reviewer: typo:

```suggestion
In order to align the configuration of the two mentioned plugins you have to:
```
